Document supported hardware architectures (#2451)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/get-started/installation.md

Quickwit compiles to a single binary, we provide different methods to install it.

## Prerequisites

> Quickwit is officially only supported for Linux. Freebsd and MacOS are not officially supported, but should work as well.
> 
> Supported CPU architectures are x86-64 and ARMv7.
> No special instruction set is required, but on x86-64 SSE3 is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quickwit is officially only supported for Linux. Freebsd and MacOS are not officially supported, but should work as well.

Quickwit only supplies binaries for x86-64. No special instruction set is required, but on x86-64 SSE3 is recommended. Quickwit compiles on Armv8, but we do not publish binaries for this platform at the moment and its usage is experimental.
```
